restructure attribute listing to `derivation` (#7320)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/src/glossary.md

# Glossary

  - [derivation]{#gloss-derivation}\
    A [build] task declared in the [Nix language](./language/index.md) using the built-in function [`derivation`](language/derivations.md).

    [derivation]: #gloss-derivation

  - [build]{#gloss-build}\
    Produce a [store object].

    See [`nix-build`](./command-ref/nix-build.md).

    See [`nix build`](./command-ref/new-cli/nix3-build.md) (experimental).

>     Nix uses a two-stage build process:
>     A Nix expression that evaluates to a [derivation] is [instantiate]d to a [store derivation], which is then [realise]d to a [store object].

Reviewer: What do you think about making this two-stage build more visible with a numbered list?
Incidentally I think it makes it easier to read and grasp the explanation
E.g.

```suggestion
    Nix uses a two-stage build process:
    1. A Nix expression that evaluates to a [derivation] is [instantiate]d to a [store derivation]
    2. This [store derivation] is then [realise]d to a [store object].
```

Reviewer: Minor English comment: "realised to" looks weird to me (non-native English speaker), I would have intuitively said "realised into", but I fail to find a convincing source of truth about either

    ```
    +--------------------+
    | Nix language       |
    | .----------------. |
    | | Nix expression | |
    | '----------------' |
    |         |          |

>     |      evaluate      |

Reviewer: I find this explanation and diagram slightly confusing because "evaluate" is not a definition in this document, unlike `instantiate` and `realise`: it looks like it is yet another command and stage.

I would have expected "Nix expression of type `derivation`" rather than "Nix expression - evaluate -> derivation".

Author: There is no such thing as a type `derivation`, and even the Nix language concept of a derivation is vague. It's an attribute set with two magic attributes `drvPath` and `outPath`, where the latter is also used as the value in string interpolation. See https://github.com/NixOS/nix/pull/7332#discussion_r1029343720

I can add a definition for evaluation though, but maybe in a different PR to keep this one small.
